feat(ama-openapi): add custom decorator for ref redirection (#3779)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-openapi/redocly-plugin/README.md

| `AMA_OPENAPI_REDOCLY_VERBOSE` | Display debug level logs | `false` |
| `AMA_OPENAPI_REDOCLY_QUIET` | Suppress all output| `false` |

## Additional custom decorators

> The plugin offer additional [Redocly decorator](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/decorators) which can me picked and choose in [Redocly configuration](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/rules/configure-rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin offer additional [Redocly decorator](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/decorators) which can be selected and configured in [Redocly configuration](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/rules/configure-rules).
```
